So we just finished setting
up all of the we just
finished setting up all
of the database calls for
our git server side
props inside of our app.
Get serviced by props function.
So now what we're gonna do
is basically make this work.
This isn't really gonna work right now.
Okay, so now what we need to do is we
need to go back to our next off, so
we can set up like some
callback stuff here.
That's basically going to set up some
mock for like a brand new getting
Started folder and getting started
document when a new user signs up so
they actually have something on their
account versus nothing on their account.
So let's do that.
The way we can do that as we can use
what's called callbacks inside the next
auth config, so we have one here
that adds to it to the session,
which is what we need.
That's really cool and the other
one is going to basically going to
check to see if it's a new user and
it's going to do this stuff.
It's going to basically
create a new folder and
it's gonna create a document
that's got some content in it.
I'm actually just gonna copy this content
here because that part is extremely has
nothing to do with code as it's
like how to structure the editor.
See the editor in a minute why
the content looks like that.
It's pretty impressive editor actually,
let's head over to our code.
So we'll go into the API/uth/Next off.
There we go and then we'll go here and
we'll say callbacks, like that.
And the callbacks if you go look
at the docs here, you can see,
you can have callbacks for all these
things sign in redirect session data jwt,
and they kind of tell you for each single
one, we're gonna do one for session.
And the one we're gonna have a session
again, is this going to add the session,
or the user id to the session id, the
session id is basically the jwt payload.
So, whatever we put here on this session,
object,
that's gonna get passed to JJ vt object
right here as his first parameter.
So the session already has like
an email and stuff on it but
we wanna get the user ID.
So that's what we're gonna do, so
I'm gonna say, session like that.
And this is gonna be this session,
which is a jadibooti payload, really,
this is the user.
And then I'm just going to say
session.user.id is that, and
then it's gonna return the session.
So now we have the ID of the user on
our session, or basically jwt here.
So we're good there,
the next one I'm gonna do is jwt, and
this one has a full list
of different things.
We have a token payload, user, account,
profile, and is and
the user so RSA token payload.
User account profile is basically what
we're gonna do here is
we'll connect our database.
So I'll say DB equals await,
connect to the DB like that and
we'll make this sync like that.
And then I wanna say
if you are a new user,
if you are a new user is the user
Then I'm gonna go ahead and
create you a folder,
I'm gonna say new folder and
that's gonna equal await
folder.createfolder,
why is this thing freaking out?
Can I give you a modifier?
I thought you were auto importing for
me, I guess not,
like having worked sometimes and
it just doesn't.
Want to work ever?
I don't know why.
So we got DB/dB.
I think that works and then connects.
Now we got folder, and then we got duck.
Okay, put it in there twice, there we go.
Already, so
we got create folder takes in database and
then it takes in an object
that has a created by and
then a name, so let's do that.
So created by is gonna be the user Id,
all right, I think we can even do.
Let's try that If not,
we'll do a session.user.id either way,
and then name will just be we'll just
call this your getting started folder.
There we go so we got our new folder and
then we'll create a new doc.
So doc, actually I'll need
to get the result of that,
so I'll just say doc and
then doc.createdoc.
This takes a db and it actually takes
in a document, which has a created by.
Which will be again user.id and
then it has a folder which
will be a new folder dot ID.
And then we have a name we'll call this,
start here, and
then it has some content and
that content already copied.
This looks weird as content, but
we're using like this rich text editor or
what I would call like a block based
editor where all the content are blocks
just like notion.
It looks and feels like notion but
not as not as good.
So all of them are like representatives
blocks that makes it portable.
So this is actually what content looks
like so I just pasted that in there.
How did I get this, I went into
the editor that you'll see in a minute,
I made some content and
I copied and pasted it here.
That's how I got this.
The editor that we're gonna be
using is called editor JS and
they have like example
content on their website to
that's you can get the example
concert there as well.
But it kind of looks like this
you could do some crazy stuff and
the output looks like this.
So I basically can't just
copy some of that, okay.
All right, so now that we got that
listing is telling me to continue,
so I'm just going to delete
my user out of my database.
So that's what I'm gonna do,
I'm gonna go to collections.
Let this thing load up.
I'm pretty sure I'm connected to database
because i don't have my local one running.
I didn't look at my secrets because
I don't want y'all still know.
So I don't know what
database I'm connected to.
So I think I'm connected to this one.
You're hacking, alright, so
I'm a delete accounts go ahead and
drop that.
Yeah, get out of here and
then I'm gonna delete these users.
How are you?
All right, so
I'm just gonna just start this thing
again looks like there
was an error anyway.
So let's see what happens
next off 27 can't read fine.
So we'll just say if user we can do that.
Let's see what happens there.
Okay, boom.
All right so looks like it worked.
We're still seeing hello cuz
I'm pretty sure I've still got
that mock content in there.
So let's go take out that mock content and
actually use those props.
So where am I doing those folders at?
Right here, so I'll get rid of this and
I'll put folders for
the sake of not watching me debug this for
the next however long I'm just
going to put what I had here,
which I know is right so
I tested all of this.
Here, there we go.
I don't wanna be sitting here all day
doing this got other stuff to learn?
Okay.
All right, now let's try that.
Hey, there we go.
Yeah, there was something
wrong in my code somewhere.
Look that did it right that first time.